creating sql_dataset branch (#887)
quantumblacklabs/kedro: RELEASE.md

* Bumped minimum required `fsspec` version to 2021.04.
* Fixed the `kedro install` and `kedro build-reqs` flows when uninstalled dependencies are present in a project's `settings.py`, `context.py` or `hooks.py` ([Issue #829](https://github.com/quantumblacklabs/kedro/issues/829)).
* Imports are now refactored at `kedro pipeline package` and `kedro pipeline pull` time, so that _aliasing_ a modular pipeline doesn't break it.

> * Added option in `SQLQueryDataSet` to specify a `filepath` with a sql query, in addition to supplying the entire query in the constructor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added option to `pandas.SQLQueryDataSet` to specify a `filepath` with a SQL query, in addition to the current method of supplying the query itself in the `sql` argument.
```

## Thanks for supporting contributions
[Moussa Taifi](https://github.com/moutai),

> [Deepyaman Datta](https://github.com/deepyaman)
> [Benjamin Levy](https://github.com/BenjaminLevyQB)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Deepyaman Datta](https://github.com/deepyaman),
[Benjamin Levy](https://github.com/BenjaminLevyQB)
```

Reviewer: (these linebreaks get squashed out when the markdown is rendered so we need the comma too)
